Removed MS bot identifier and introduced MS Teams app identifier (#1457)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: sdk/communication/azure-communication-common/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

### Features Added
- Added support for a new communication identifier `MicrosoftTeamsAppIdentifier`.

### Breaking Changes

> - Removal of `MicrosoftBotIdentifier` and adding of `MicrosoftTeamsAppIdentifier` is a breaking change. Identifiers using rawID starting with `28:orgid:` will be treated as `MicrosoftTeamsAppIdentifier`, other rawIDs starting with `28:` will be treated as `UnknownIdentifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduction of `MicrosoftTeamsAppIdentifier` is a breaking change. It will affect code that relied on using `UnknownIdentifier` with rawIDs starting with `28:orgid:`, `28:dod:`, `28:gcch:`.
```

Author: Updated.

### Bugs Fixed

### Other Changes

> - Removed `MicrosoftBotIdentifier`.

Reviewer: you do not have to mention it, as it's introduced for beta version

Author: Removed.
